Updated and improved CONTRIBUTING guides (#74)
boostercloud/booster: CONTRIBUTING.md

This document is a set of guidelines to help you contribute to Booster, which is hosted on the [`boostercloud`](https://github.com/boostercloud) GitHub
organization. These aren’t absolute laws, use your judgment and common sense 😀.

> Remember that if something here doesn’t make sense, you can also propose a change to this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that if something here doesn't make sense, you can also propose a change to this document.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember that if something here doesn’t make sense, you can also propose a change to this document by clicking on the top-right pencil icon.
```

  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Your First Code Contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)
  - [Github Flow](#github-flow)
  - [Test-driven approach](#test-driven-approach)
  - [Publishing your Pull Request](#publishing-your-pull-request)
  - [Commit message guidelines](#commit-message-guidelines)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it are expected to uphold the [Berlin Code of Conduct](https://berlincodeofconduct.org).
If you see unacceptable behavior, please communicate so to `hello@booster.cloud`.

## I don't want to read this whole thing, I just have a question!!!

**Please don't file an issue to ask questions**. You'll get faster results by using our [Spectrum Community channel](https://spectrum.chat/boostercloud).
Note that even though it looks like a chat, some members might take some time to answer.

## What should I know before I get started?

### Packages

Booster is divided in many different packages. The criteria to split the code in packages is that each package meets at least one of the following conditions:

> * They must be run separately, for instance, the cli is run locally, while the support code for the project is run on the cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* They must be run separately, for instance, the CLI is run locally, while the support code for the project is run on the cloud.
```

- `framework-provider-aws-infrastructure` - Implements all the required adapters to allow Booster applications to be deployed to AWS using the AWS CDK under the hoods.
- `framework-provider-local` - Implements all the required adapters to run the Booster application on a local express server to be able to debug your code before deploying it to a real cloud provider.
- `framework-provider-local-infrastructure` - Implements all the required code to run the local development server.
- `framework-types` - This package defines types that the rest of the project will use. This is useful for avoiding cyclic dependencies. Note that this package should not contain stuff that are not types, or very simple methods related directly to them, i.e. a getter or setter. This package defines the main booster concepts like:
  - Entity
  - Command
  - etc…

## How Can I Contribute?

Contributing to an open source project is never just a matter of code, you can help us significantly by just using Booster and interacting with our community. Here you'll find some tips on how to do it effectively.

### Reporting Bugs

> When you are creating a bug report, please include as many details as possible. Fill out the required template, the information requested helps us to resolve issues faster.

Reviewer: Despite the note below, shall we encourage people to first attempt finding similar issues?

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is needed, if a bug is duplicated it might be marked as a duplicate, and sometimes it might ocurr that an issue is old and buried, but by creating a new one it gets "refreshed". Also, we should use StaleBot for stale issues

Author: Good point!

```suggestion
Before creating a bug report, please search for similar issues to make sure that they're not already reported. If you don't find any, go ahead and create an issue including as many details as possible. Fill out the required template, the information requested helps us to resolve issues faster.
```

## Your First Code Contribution

> Unsure where to begin contributing to Booster? You can start by looking through issued tagged as `beginner` and `help-wanted`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unsure where to begin contributing to Booster? You can start by looking through issued tagged as `beggood-first-issue` and `help-wanted`:
```

The good first issue is a universal "meta-label" that is used throughout hackathons in GitHub, like Hacktoberfest

- Beginner issues - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.
- Help wanted issues - issues which should be a bit more involved than beginner issues.

Both issue lists are sorted by the total number of comments. While not perfect, number of comments is a reasonable proxy for impact a given change will have.

> Make sure that you assign the choosen issue to you to communicate your intention to work on it to reduce possibilities of other people taking the same assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you assign the chosen issue to yourself to communicate your intention to work on it and reduce the possibilities of other people taking the same assignment.
```

```bash
~/booster:$ lerna run integration
```

You can run only the tests for a specific provider using the more specific scoped commands:

```bash
~/booster:$ lerna run integration/aws # runs AWS integration tests only

...

~/booster:$ lerna run integration/local # runs local integration tests only
```

### Publishing your Pull Request

Make sure that you describe your change thoroughly in the PR body, adding references for any related issues and links to any resource that helps clarifying the intent and goals of the change. 

When you submit a PR to the Booster repository:

> * Unit and integration tests will be automatically run. PRs non passing tests will be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unit and integration tests will be automatically run. PRs with non-passing tests will be closed.
```

> * Unit and integration tests will be automatically run. PRs non passing tests will be closed.

Reviewer 2: This is too harsh, we should allow people to iterate :sweat\_smile: 

```suggestion
* Unit and integration tests will be automatically run. PRs non passing tests will not be merged.
```
